# Meeting Minutes 10

## 07APR2025 1430-1600
Attendance: Brett Ballew, Tyler Bare, Mandy Bacon, Gabrielle Renfroe, & Erich Krepps

Worked on detecting RID signals using Bluetooth and Wi-Fi scans. As always, some great team bonding occurred throughout the process. Everyone took time to review each otherâ€™s detailed design drafts to check for any misalignments or inconsistencies. Additionally, a change of scope regarding the power supply and server setup was discussed.

## 09APR2025 1500-1600
Attendance: Dr. Elfouly, Brett Ballew, Tyler Bare, Mandy Bacon, Gabrielle Renfroe, & Erich Krepps

The team met with our advisor this week to discuss our approach to capturing Remote ID (RID) signals from drones. During the meeting, 
we reviewed our current setup and strategy, focusing particularly on how we plan to detect and log the RID broadcast using our 
Raspberry Pi 5. To complement our technical discussion, we also used a mobile application capable of reading RID broadcasts to cross-reference 
and verify the data presented in the documentation packet we received. This hands-on verification helped us confirm that the expected signal 
characteristics align with those described in the packet and provided further confidence in the accuracy of our planned signal analysis approach.

### Team Assignments:
* Brett: Make adjustments to the central computer detailed design based on reviewer feedback. Collaborate with all team members to ensure all subsystem designs align and integrate smoothly.
* Elle : Make adjustments to the server/database detailed design based on reviewer feedback. Collaborate with Erich to avoid duplicate efforts and ensure the communication protocols are correctly implemented and aligned across the system.
* Tyler: Make adjustments to the power supply detailed design based on reviewer feedback. Complete rework of the power supply detailed design due to the change of scope to power over Ethernet approach. Collaborate with Brett and Mandy about power demands to confirm needs. 
* Erich: Make adjustments to the website detailed design based on reviewer feedback. Collaborate with Elle and Brett to avoid duplicate efforts and ensure the communication protocols are correctly implemented and aligned across the system.
* Mandy: Create a pull request for the chassis detailed design. Collaborate with Brett and Tyler to ensure proper mounting placement and cooling requirements are met.

### Things to be done by all:

See whether an RID packet can be received and successfully parsed. Team members can go up to the lab when available to assist with this task.

### Important Notes

N/A

### Next Meeting:
As it stands: 14APR2025 1430 to 1600
